The other aspect of the conspiracy theories is cognitive dissonance. That is,
we want the size of the event to be matched by a cause that's equally
of that size. So the analogy I use is, you know, the Holocaust,
the worst genocide in human history caused by the Nazis, the worst regime,
political regime in human history. There's a match there, right.
But if you say something like, uh, you know, JFK,
the leader of the free world brought down by who Lee Harvey also,
we'll just some, nobody, you know, there's this mismatch or nine 11,
this huge thing by 19 guys with box cutters. Do.
You think that it does it Harvey, Oswald acted alone? Yeah.
Do you feel what makes you think that.
All of the evidence and none of the evidence against anybody else and all of the
evidence against particularly him, uh, Gerald Posner's book, case closed,
and then, um, the attorney, what's his name? That was the, uh, uh,
Mattson attorney. Yeah. Uh, he, his,
he has a massive book where he lines up every single one of the, uh,
arguments by the JFK conspiracy. For example,
conspiracists make a big deal about how Oswald got a job at the book depository
building,
which just happened to be where the parade just happened to be where the parade
route was going. So he could have a clear shot.
So it was Posner that tracked down when the white house determined,
even when Kennedy was going to Dallas, let alone what the parade route would be.
An Oswell already had the job there that's just chance.
So he knew it advanced bro. He knew that he needed it. Do you.
Think it's possible that Oswald was in cahoots? No. No. No.
Why do you think that? What about the magic bullet theory?
Uh, well,
that's been settled by the fact that the way it showed in the videos is that the
two seats are like this and at the bullet has to do this well. In fact,
the seats were like that and that Connolly was, well, you're explaining this.
In audio form, just when you're saying it's like stadium seating, right?
One's elevator.
That's right. So the bullet actually does, when it passes through the neck,
through Kennedy's neck and then hits Connolly's shoulder,
it is already moving down here. It hit his.
Wrist, it fractured his wrist. Right. Um.
This has been tested and tested and tested.
Here's here's my issue with it. There's a couple issues. One, uh, on the,
on the pro side, uh,
the idea that bullets will take a straight path is ridiculous. I've I've,
I've talked to hunters that have shot animals, uh,
in the front and had a bullet come out the same side. They shot it.
It ricocheted off bones and came out like the front of the animal,
like bullets take weird paths. Yeah. When they hit things in particular. Uh,
so to arrows,
they'd take an as a person who's well versed in firearms and
shot animals and hunted this. You don't,
sometimes the bullet goes straight through and sometimes it hits bones and wacky
things happen, things deflect. But on the negative side,
they always distort bullets, always distort, particularly when they hit bone.
But bothered me was that they found that bullet in Connolly's gurney,
when they brought him to the hospital, they just conveniently found this bullet.
Aha. We have it. This is the bullet. It matches the same rifle. Yeah. And,
but it wasn't pristine. It was flattened. Barely. If you look at that bullet,
that bullet, it's nothing like a bullet that's hit bone. When bullets hit bone,
they, they mushroom, they balloon, they bend, they distort wildly.
They don't come out, looking like that. They come out,
looking like that when you shoot them into water or when you shoot them into
like feathers,
they don't come out looking like that under normal circumstances when they
shattered the bone of two different people. Well, do you know that for sure? No,
I do not know that for sure. But, um,
one thing I do know a lot about is I D I know quite a bit about
what bullets look like when they hit things.
I've looked into this pretty extensively and I've talked to a lot of people in
law enforcement, military hunters,
and none of them believed that that bullet hit bones, shattered bones came out,
looking like that.
Is it possible that that bullet was the only bullet ever in the history of the
world that did do that? Yeah, it might be.
Okay. So we're getting kind of caught up in the weeds of the anomalies.
What about this? Just a bullet, uh,
Oswald himself had attempted to assassinate a general name Walker six
months before with his rifle and a handgun. And he went over to the house.
He took a shot through the guys. When Whitney saw him at the desk, took a shot,
missed him. Uh, he told his wife about it. I'm a revolutionary.
I'm trying to start. Don't get me. Don't get me.
Wrong. I'm not saying that Oswell was innocent. I'm not. I mean,
and I think it's very possible that Oswald did shoot at the president.
He might've even hit the president.
It's also very possibly that some other people were involved as well. Who,
I don't know, say this is the problem, but wait a minute. Why is it a problem?
If you don't know who they are,
just because you don't know who they are doesn't mean it didn't. Okay. But.
Why do we need to postulate extra people?
All the gunshots that happened in the short amount of time,
the fact that the reason why they came up with the theory of the magic bullet in
the first place,
because they had to account for a bullet that hit a curb underneath the
overpass. Do you know that right? Yeah.
Okay. There's three there's there's w okay. Yeah. If.
If you know why they came out with them. Yeah. I've been there.
Do you know why they came up.
With that? It's short. I mean, it's right there. You can.
Not miss the point. Well, that's, that's sort of true. Yeah.
It's not a far shot. And.
He was a pretty good marksman, Posner track down his talking.
About that.
We're talking about the reason why they came up with the magic bullet there in
the first place. Do you know what? Well.
I thought it was because, uh, of the, the alignment of the seats.
No. Cause they had to attribute three shots. They had to figure out.
And one of them, they were, they were thinking, well, the,
all these wounds came from three bullets,
but then they found a bullet that it hit the curb on the underside.
And he got checked into a hospital cause he was hit with a ricochet.
So there's a curb that they proved was hit with a bullet.
There was a bullet hole in the granite or whatever the the curbs made out of it
hit this guy. He went to the hospital. So he was hit with a ricochet.
So they knew that one bullet had not hit the president.
And so they had to attribute all of these wounds to one bullet.
Now they had one bullet that landed into his neck,
another bullet that hit him in the head. Right.
And so how do these three bullets cause a wound tonally as well.
Then they came up with the mat. There's a, there's the bullet.
Look at that bullet. Look at the S at the end, it's flattened.
If you look at it from the end, uh.
No, it's not look at this under no circumstances.
Do I feel that this bullet could hit a wrist and still not be deformed?
We proved that by experiments as a chief consultant in wound ballistics for the
U S army who supervise test for the Warren commission, here's the thing I don't,
I don't necessarily think that, uh,
there was some grand conspiracy,
but I do think it's entirely possible that someone took that posthumously took
that rifle and wanted to pin it on Lee Harvey, Oswald, definitively look,
there's people that do things when they know someone's guilty and they plant
evidence. Mark Furhman did that with OJ Simpson. They found his glove. They,
they, they planted evidence.
And there was one of the reasons why OJ got off because there was some sort of
conspiring to make it look like he was, you know, it was,
the evidence was a clear path. They could have just taken that rifle.
And look could have been that our Oswald did it alone. It's possible,
but it also could have been this. Some other people were shooting at them too.
It could have been that they had decided to have Oswald be a part of this.
And when Jack Ruby ran in and shot him,
that doesn't look a little suspicious at some guy with ties to the mob gets
right up to this guy who just shot the president and shoots him like why he's
never shot anybody.
Before do it publicly.
Posner talks about Ruby's character and who he was major Kennedy supporter,
uh, running with some bad dudes, some bread, bad own Brays there in Texas.
And he was a gun owner. Uh, security wasn't anything like it is now. It,
he really could just walk right in like he did.
Possible, but it's also possible that that guy owed something to the mob.
And this is what they told him to do. He going to get rid of that guy? No,
one's going to care. They're going to be happy.
That guy just shot the president. No, so there's this,
it seems so it seems like people want it to be one
way or the other and they want, they want this case closed.
See that way. I mean,
Lincoln was assassinated by a conspiracy and that was evident pretty quickly
afterwards. And they rounded them up. Uh, you know,
world war one was launched by a conspiracy with the assassination of Franz
Ferdinand by a Serbian group of, uh, called the black hand.
Their group of nationalists talked about the.
Vietnam war to the Gulf of Tonkin incident, a false flag.
So these things do happen. They're all false legs.
There are conspiracies to assassinate foreign leaders, uh, you know,
hitch wrote this book on Kissinger as a war criminal, uh, that, you know,
all the shenanigans we were doing in south America with dictators,
there were back in this take tater, cause he's the son of a,
but he's our son of a versus this guy. And we're gonna, you know,
sassy Nate Castro,
all the stuff that came out that Johnson tried to cover up that came out and
the Pentagon papers about Kennedy plotting to have Castro
assassinated. That's a kind of, so this does absolutely. This does happen,
but the question is,
did it happen in that particular case or this one or a year? And the evidence,
in my opinion, after reading, particularly Gerald Posner, his book, uh,
case closed it's,
there's a funny internet meme that went around last week of a guy who dies.
It goes to heaven, and God says, you you've been such a good fellow.
Your whole life I'll grant you. One wish you can ask me anything. He said,
all right, who killed Kennedy? And God said it was Lee Harvey,
Oswald acting alone, using his own on a rifle. And the guy goes,
this goes higher up than I thought.
That's funny, man. Did you ever read David Lifton's novel or, um, um,
a book about it rather?
Yeah. Uh, best evidence, best evidence. I, I didn't read the whole book. Uh,
you know, when I was researching this, uh, back in the nineties w after the, uh,
uh, Oliver stone film came out, because after that, when that came out,
I thought, man, if only half of this or 10% of this is true,
it's definitely a conspiracy.
But then there are websites dedicated to everything he got wrong there and why
he.
Made it up, like the general Donald Sutherland character,
that guy doesn't even exist. He just used him as a theatrical tool.
Yeah. Very distorting film. And that film is such a powerful medium.
It's hard to overcome that. The movie in.
Particular, I mean, you got Kevin Costner. Who's the good guy.
Everybody loves it. Yeah. I mean,
that is Jack Lemmon and Walter Matthau crazy movie.
And it really has you believing that there's some sort of a consideration.
To the lip back and to the left people.
Love. Well, here's the thing about that though.
I've looked at that over and over again. Yes, it is back into the left,
but the spray kind of comes out the front. Yeah, it does. Yeah. Yeah.
It kind of comes out the front.
And one thing that does happen when people or things get shot is you
have nerves and nerves react and, and things, things do weird,
weird results in your body. When, if you get hit by something, it doesn't mean,
well, I get hit on the chest,
your hands come up like that while he's grabbing his neck.
Apparently that was the other thing was there was a difference in the autopsy
results from Bethesda, Maryland versus in Dallas, Texas, Dallas, Texas.
They attributed the, uh,
throat wound to a frontal shot that something hit him in the front.
And then the Bethesda, Maryland. They said that it was a trake wound. Uh, they,
uh, they opened them up to clear his breathing pathway.
And then the conspiracy theorists would say,
why would you clear the breathing pathway of a guy who doesn't have a brain it's
brain was shot out of his head?
Right. Because a lot of [inaudible], I.
Just don't like when people say they know one way or another,
we Harvey Oswald acted alone. Huh? could, you know,
there was a bunch of bullets,
there was also bullet fragments in Connolly's wrist that weren't missing from
the bullet itself, the bullet itself, whether you think it's pristine or not,
it's still, it's not missing a lot of fragments.
And there's fragments in Connolly's body that they,
you could detect an x-ray there's x-rays of his wrist.
And you could see the little pieces. I don't know what the, for that. Exactly.
But the fact that I don't know, I'm not the world's expert on this stuff.
People want to clean.
It up. That's what I don't like.
They want to clean it up or they want to muddy it up.
Instead of like looking at it a hundred percent of objectively,
they want one thing or another,
I think it's entirely possible that Lee Harvey Oswald it's either to me, they,
they want to say, this is the,
these are the two narratives Lee Harvey Oswald was a Patsy.
He had nothing to do with the government, set him up or he acted alone. But why,
why couldn't he have been evolved in it? You know,
he obviously was involved in some shady characters.
The guy spent a ton of time in Russia, came back over here very easily,
even though the cold war was going on. There's a lot of weird stuff.
He might've very well been some sort of a government informant or working in
cahoots with the government, if that's the case.
And he did shoot Kennedy or shoot at Kennedy who's to say that he wasn't with
other people and they killed him because this guy was going to go to jail and
he's going to start talking when they arrested him. He said, I'm a Patsy.
I'm just a Patsy. And then blam, he's dead. Oh, we got him.
And that's it wrap it up tight.
It wasn't until there's approved or film that people really started to question.
And I think that was it might've been 10 years later. Right?
We've talked about it. You know, the whole history of this uproot or film,
how it was released, the Geraldo Rivera show. Right. Crazy. Right.
Dick Gregory comedian brought the film footage to the Geraldo
Rivera show and showed it on television for the first time magazine bought the
rights to life magazine, had the rights and didn't do anything with it.
They kept it for more than a decade.
And Dick Gregory got ahold of the actual film footage and premiered it on the
Geraldo Rivera show.
I want to say it was like 1971 or 72 or something like
that. So it was way way after the assassination that the American, what was it?
75 is 12 years old. That's crazy. 75.
So all those years later, and then people got a chance to see the footage.
And they were like, wow, this is not how it was described to us at all.
And it made people skeptical.
There's a good Nova show on the ballistics, in the head and testing the rifle.
And could you shoot that many times in that many seconds and so on?
And it's pretty cool to me. It's pretty convincing.
The problem with me is I know too much about what happens when bullets hit
bones. I don't buy that. That was the bullet I do. Look,
I think they could have just dropped that bullet off.
Doesn't mean that Lee Harvey Oswald didn't do it.
Thing about that bullet though.
Is it like there might be some fuckery involved and the David liftin book was,
that was the book that got me into conspiracies. That book got.
If I could go back and not read it, I bombed on stage because of that book.
You did. Yeah. Well, it was my fault, but I've read that book the day. Uh,
I was performing and I was freaking out cause I was like 24 or something like
that. I was like, oh, this is crazy. They killed the president.
And I was so naive and I was like really bummed out when I went on stage.
And then I realized like, oh, you can't like, I didn't know any better.
I'd only been doing comedy for three years. I'm like, oh,
you can't call on stage, bombed out. If you got to get your head together,
you can't just say the jokes and not have some emotional attachment to them.
But that book highlights, what it was, was a lifting was, um,
a bookkeeper and, or an accountant I believe. And, uh,
he was hired to do something with the Warren commission report. And,
and because he found some contradictions and he went over the entire Warren
commission report, which is an enormous, enormous publication.
And he found all of these problems,
all of these problems in the Warren commission report and all these
contradictions.
And it was his determination after reading everything and writing his book,
he thought that the conclusion they made, they made before the fact,
and that they wrote all this stuff to sort of ver the backup, their conclusion,
that it wasn't based entirely on an objective version of the facts and of the
event itself. Um, and his, his take was, there was a conspiracy.
Well, it's launched a mini industry of books. Jasmine,
think about all the money.
That's been made off of the Kennedy assassin. If you go down.
The rabbit hole with this stuff.
You see the, um, Jesse Ventura version of it. Uh, he believes.
Every Sainsbury's the best. He's the best I was on his computer Spears,
the show he's yeah, he's out there.
He believes it. Yeah. He was like, no one could have made that shot.
They definitely could've made that shot. It's a rifle. It's not that far.
And just because someone gets lucky doesn't mean they can't get lucky.
Like people get lucky all the time.
People flip a coin and it lands on heads a mile away. I mean, you know,
you could throw a coin. You could, you could throw a coin out of a helicopter.
You know,
you could say this is going to be heads when it lands and it can be heads.
You can get lucky, right. It really is possible.
Well,
this assassination of Franz Ferdinand that triggered the first world war this,
yes. Okay. They, they messed up. I mean,
they had like seven of them and they met in secret and they got their weapons
that morning and so on. And a couple of them, chicken dad,
somebody else got lost, like three of them there. Somebody threw a hand grenade,
mist rolled into the car, behind the friends for none. And,
and they got hurt and went to the hospital and he's like, oh this.
I'm not giving my speech. Let's go to the hospital and visit,
see how he's doing. So they double back like half an hour later,
they double back and come back down the same route. And the guy who had missed,
he was just sitting there on the curb is like, oh. Here they are. Bam.
Yeah. Pure luck. Pure luck. Yeah. Yeah. That doesn't happen. Yeah. Yeah.
I mean that, that history turns more on that kind of thing.
Then on carefully orchestrated perfectly executed plot.
Sure. It certainly can. But you know, the, the idea that, um, uh, I'm,
I've always found it offensive.
The idea that there's no way Oswald could have hit him like that.
People say that like, there's no way. There's no way, like you're out of your,
you never shot anything. Right. That's crazy.
I can make that shot a hundred percent. Yep. I will. Look,
if you have a rifle with a scope and a guy is a hundred away,
you tell him you can't shoot him. Right. That's crazy time. That's crazy talk.
Oh, the rifle was out of LA. That was the other thing they said, this,
the scope wasn't lined up correctly. Here's the thing, folks,
if you have a rifle, okay.
And this has happened to me before and you drop the rifle,
the scope gets damaged. It gets moved. It's a very sensitive thing.
Like when you're talking about something that goes,
it was faster than the speed of sound, a bullet, boom, firing out of a rifle.
You have that, that is going incredibly fast.
And to be able to get that reticle exactly on where you think that bullet's
going to hit requires a lot of adjustments. When you go to the range,
they set up a lead sled. You put your rifle down on this sled.
So you're not holding the rifle. And by the way, Oz ball,
wasn't holding it either. The idea was that he had it rested, right?
Which makes it much more steady and much more easier to make an accurate shot.
So you set up this rifle on the lead sled and it's usually a hundred yards or
200 yards, whatever. However far the distances to the target, you squeeze,
squeeze, squeeze, boom. The trigger goes off and you see that the bullet is low.
And to the left, by a couple of inches, you make an adjustment on the scope.
If you drop that rifle, that scope gets knocked the adjustments out the window.
Right?
So the idea that there's like a perfect chain of command between Lee Harvey,
Oswald pulling that trigger and that scope never got rattled at all. No,
but the conspiracy theorists want you to think there's no way he could have made
that shot. That scope wasn't even lined up. Good. How the do you know?
How do you know?
You don't know like anybody who knows anything about rifles knows.
There's no way you could know. Cause if all you'd have to do is whack it here.
I'm going to bring you the rifle and just bump it with your elbow. Funny,
knock it into a wall when you're handing it to someone and that scope's going to
be off. Right? So then you take it to a range.
We're going to prove definitively that he could have never made this shot
because this scope is off. Boom, look, it's six inches to the left. Right? Wow.
Case closed right now. It's,
there's no way people know whether or not that scope was on when he was pulling
that trigger. There's no way. You know, when I went.
To Dealey Plaza, it's so big in our public imagination. It's not,
it's not you go there. I was like, this is it. It's tiny. It's so small.
And then you go up to the museum and you're on the sixth floor, positive,
the book depository. And you look down and they have an X,
the two Xs in the street. And you think that that's just right there.
Dude. I can shoot that with an arrow. I bet you could. I can. I guarantee you,
if you give me some time, you give me some times you put a sh a target, right?
Where that thing was, right. Where that, uh, Lincoln was.
And you put me in that window, I guarantee you, I hit that target with a bow,
right? With the idea that you couldn't, I'm holding it. No rest. Right?
The idea that you couldn't do that with a, with a rifle, right?
You certainly could. Lee Harvey, Oswald certainly could have done it.
He certainly couldn't have shot at Kennedy. He was a crazy.
Lee Harvey Oswald was involved in a lot of shady.
It wasn't like he was just some dentists.
And he scored the second. According to Posner,
he said he scored the second highest marksmanship. There it is. Right.
Right here to here. Right? Yeah, dude.
That's so smart. That's a short distance.
Then the other question I had when you're coming up Houston street and going
left, I always wondered why he didn't shoot him there. When Kenny,
the cars coming right at him.
They are the window. He was in the window. On the left-hand side.
He was over there. Yeah. No, no, no, no. It's uh, it's over here. Yeah,
it's right there. That's where he shot him from that window there. Yep. So.
I always wondered why he didn't shoot him when the car was coming right at him.
Because that would have been a cleaner shot. It seems to me head.
On you mean? Yeah. Yeah. Um, maybe we want to shoot him in the back of the head.
Does it have a.
Like a sniper? It maybe panic. It's that upper, right? Yeah. Look at that one.
Yeah. Wow.
Yeah. Yeah. When we drove through it, when, uh, last time, not last time,
I was in Dallas a couple of times ago, but when we drove through it, it's like,
it's eerie. You're like, wow. Yeah, this is it. I'm right.
Here. I've been twice there.
And there's always a conspiracy people walking around that.
They're looking for a tip. So I gave this guy 10 bucks ago.
Give me the whole story. Oh, he was very entertaining. Here's the grassy Knoll,
the Pickety fence. And he got another one about this.
May he took the manhole cover off. He goes,
there was somebody down here in the manhole. Oh, popped up. Bam. Shot him.
Went back down to the mantle.
Dumb conspiracy is they believe that the driver turned around and shot.
Right. That's the best one, right? Yeah. Those are the fake spaces.
Fake people. Right.
You're always going to get a bunch of really wacky conspiracies whenever
anything happens.